Once upon a time, there was a girl by the name of Goldilocks who wanted nothing more than to be TikTok famous like her friend Red. But, she had a problem. She lived a boring life at the edge of the woods where her cell service was #theworst.  
	With a sigh, Goldie plopped down on her bed. Nothing ever happens on this side of the forest, she thought. No one is going to watch videos of me hanging around my house and staring at the trees. I need some adventure in my life.  As she drifted off on her fourth nap of the day (don’t judge - naps are her thing), Goldie developed a plan to get out of her little cottage and start experiencing what life has to offer.
	The next morning Goldie took great care in getting ready. She wore her favorite leggings and a baby blue Champion hoodie. She turned to the side and admired how the sun highlighted the loose curls that went past the middle of her back. She knew the colors she selected would pop against the background of the forest and look totally amazing on the videos she planned on shooting today. As soon as Goldie heard the wood splitter roar to life, she knew it was time to get the show on the road. 
	“Wish me luck, mamma,” she whispered as she kissed her fingertips and held them to the laughing image in the golden frame. With a steadying breath, she headed outside to the only thing that stood between her and an adventurous day.
	She stood back and waited to make sure he was immersed in his work before she made her move. 
	“Daddy!” Goldie shouted over the noise of the wood chipper. “I’m going to Granny Smith’s house to deliver these apples!” She held up the wicker basket as proof. When he lifted a hand in acknowledgment, Goldie slipped out the back gate that led into the forest which was sure to provide her with a day of excitement. She could just feel it in the air. Today was going to be an exciting day!
	The hours passed quickly and after making tons of videos of dancing with the forest animals, Goldie needed a break. It was hard work keeping up with Mr. Squirrel. She had no idea he could pop and lock like that. As she walked deeper into the forest, Goldie replayed the 26-second video on her phone that showcased moves that were sure to go viral. Just as the video was getting to the best part, the low battery warning popped up. She glanced around hoping for a charging station of some type when something caught her eye. It was a little cottage tucked away in the trees. Thinking the owners would let her charge her phone for a little bit, she rushed forward. She knocked on the cute wooden door as her battery ticked down another percentage and was met with silence. Goldie knocked again with a little more force. While she stood on the stoop and waited, a notification popped up. Red just posted a TikTok video and it already has 32k likes. Goldie rolled her eyes at the overused and cliche hoodie scare clip. I can’t believe the wolf fell for that, Goldie thought. 
	Slightly panicking since her phone was now at 3% and no one was answering the door, Goldie walked to the side of the cottage and peeked into the windows. She didn’t see anyone inside, but she knocked on the glass just in case. Again, there was no movement in the house. Thinking they could be in the back, Goldie made her way through the side gate and up onto the deck.  She peeked inside the window and then knocked on the screen door. Peering through the screen door, Goldie saw a charger cable plugged into the wall. Looking around, she saw no one and only heard the woodpecker tapping on the oak tree nearby. I will only use it for 10 minutes. No one is home and no one will know I was here. I’ll be quick. In and out. Goldie convinced herself. 
	Goldie took a deep breath and pulled on the screen door. To her amazement, it wasn’t locked. She rushed in and quickly plugged her phone in just as the screen turned black. While she waited for her phone to charge, Goldie glanced around. To her right was the kitchen table with 3 bowls placed on it. She was drawn closer by the smell of cinnamon and nutmeg. What kind of family just leaves oatmeal sitting out, she thought to herself, everyone knows it is going to turn hard as a brick and be impossible to clean. As the thought ran through her head, her stomach grumbled. Thinking she was helping whoever lived here, she ate the smallest bowl of oatmeal and blueberries, and then cleaned all three and left them to dry. 
	Going back to check on her phone, Goldie was irritated to find it was only at 2%. Ugh. Have they never heard of lightning chargers?! This is going to take longer than 10 minutes. She glanced outside and saw no one coming so she knew she should be safe for a couple of more minutes. 
	While she waited, Goldie decided to search for a restroom before she made the trip back home. After washing her hands, she saw a large mirror hanging in the living room. Thinking it would be a perfect place to practice her new TikTok dance while she waited, she made her way into the large space. When she stood in front of the mirror, she couldn’t see her feet. Wanting to see her whole body while she practiced, Goldie glanced around her until her eyes landed on a coffee table. She cleared everything off and jumped onto the flat surface. Hearing the music in her head, Goldie started reviewing the steps Squirrel taught her. On her third time through the dance, Goldie heard a loud crack and the table wobbled dangerously below her. Terrified, she jumped off just as the table cracked completely in half and crashed to the floor. Not knowing what to do, Goldie just left the table in the middle of the floor. 
	Staring at the pile of wood that was once a table, Goldie slumped down on the surprisingly comfortable couch. She leaned her head back and closed her eyes. It was an honest mistake. I wasn’t really doing anything that crazy. It must have been as old as that lady who lives in that smelly shoe. Maybe they will think it just fell apart on its own, she hoped. As these thoughts ran through her head, she drifted off to sleep. 
	  “Mom! These are the best blueberries we have picked all season! They are going to be perfect for your oatmeal!” Goldie's eyes popped open at the little voice. Staying perfectly quiet, Goldie set up and saw the three bears in the kitchen. They had their backs to her as they washed the blueberries in the sink.
	“Hey! Mamma Bear exclaimed. “Why are the bowls in the sink?! What happened to the oatmeal I made?!” All three bears turned to look at the table where the bowls were supposed to be sitting.
	Goldie dropped to her belly to avoid being seen and started to army crawl towards the hall. I just have to get to my phone and out the back door without being noticed.  I’ll never do anything adventurous again if I get out of here without getting caught, she promised herself.
	The sound of something hitting the floor caused everyone to turn towards the living room. “What was that?” Papa Bear growled.
	“Oh my!” Mamma said as she covered her mouth.
	“What happened to Grandma’s table?” Baby Bear asked as they walked into the living room. 
	Goldie winced at the anger and shock in their voices and closed her eyes. Just a couple of more feet to go. I can do this! Hoping they were distracted by the mess in the living room, Goldie popped up and ran towards the door, pulling her phone from the wall as she pushed open the screen door with enough force to knock it off its hinges. 
	Hearing the commotion, the family ran to the back of the house just in time to catch a glimpse of a flapping charging cable and gold hair and running into the forest. 
	“Are we going to go after her, Daddy?” Baby bear asked.
	“No, Son. We are going to pull up our den camera security feed and see exactly what happened here while we were out,” Daddy replied.
   ____
	Exhausted from her day and narrow escape, Goldie plopped down on her bed. She opened her favorite app and started scrolling. 15 minutes into her mind-numbing activity, she bolted straight up to her feet. She scrolled back. It can’t be. The short clip played and as she watched the table crash to the floor, Goldie felt sick to her stomach. How is this on TikTok? Where did this video come from?  I was the only one in the house, right? Hoping no one else noticed the video, she quickly scanned the comments. As she clicked on the bubble, her heart sank. First comment from @Red_in_the_Hood: “Is that Goldie? Hahahahaha….wasn’t expecting that to happen…”
	“Goldie!!!” Dad yelled down the hall. “Why are the police pulling into the driveway?” 
